setup guide: https://github.com/bmad-code-org/BMAD-METHOD/blob/main/src/modules/bmm/docs/quick-start.md

1. Analysis (Brainstorming)
2. Planning (Requirements)
3. Solutioning (Architecture & Design)
4. Implementation

-> BMM mehtod: BMad (Build More, Architect Dreams) Method Agile-AI Driven-Development
    * GitHub Copilot with GPT-5 mini in Expert Mode (deep technical understanding)

1. analyst agent
2. architect agent
3. ux-designer
4. dev: implementation in iterations.
5. tester


Reflection: 
Difficult setup, required multiple reinstallations and inits to work with agents properly. 
Architectural technology decisions decided completly on their own (React Native with Expo). 
Brainstorming and documentation is far better than development. 

Development seems more to be a guess of what could work and if not is changed later on instead of following 
a structured process, even when strictly holding on to each iteration before the next one starts. Even though 
an iteration is complete, the AI would continue to work on tasks which are not part of an iteration but might 
make sense, even if not planned in any requirements. It is necessary to prompt if an iteration is done 
(meets DoD criteria) multiple times in order to get a proper answer. The implementation itself may be quick 
or slow depending on any tasks the AI is stuck on, which could lead to infinite loops in which similar options 
are tried but none of them works. In these cases a dialog is displayed after a while if the work should be 
continued or paused due to many requests.

The package.json file contains many old dependencies by default (React 18 instead of 19, Expo 48 instead of 54), 
some of which are even incompatible and 42 high vulnerabilities. This could only be resolved manually. Could not
compile, got warnings because of the many incompatible versions which might not work together as well as
a red error page that modules are missing. After multiple tries the app finally started, was ugly and was not working 
at all. Many prompts and several trail and error rounds later the design looked better and you could finally add a 
transaction, which is opened in a new page, does not store the amount and no category can be chosen (-> still buggy).
Even though development should be finished, there is plenty of rework needed to make the app work kind of, but not 
on the level specified in the requirements as well as design and far beneath the expected outcome. If no rework would 
be done and iterating over each problem, than the app would not work at all, not a single action, just a plain page.

After about 50 prompt iterations by testing and telling what to fix, the app looks like a buggy prototype instead of
a non-working empty app, but far from a finance-tracker which could be deployed productively.